docs(OIDC): Document multi-OIDC providers usage (#3031)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/identity/pages/single-sign-on-with-oidc.adoc

When Bonita web application is configured for authentication with OpenID Connect, Bonita REST API is secured through OIDC too and it is possible to call it with just an OAuth Access token. This means "statelessness" as there is no need for a session between the client and Bonita REST API.

[WARNING]
====

> Make sure the property `autodetect-bearer-only` is set to `true` in the file *keycloak-oidc.json*. This property allows Bonita OIDC filter to detect if the request is a REST API call or a navigation call based on the headers of the request. In order for the Bonita REST API request to be authorized with the Bearer token, one of the following assertion must be true:
> * `X-Requested-With` header is present in the request with the value `XMLHttpRequest`
> * `Accept` header is either absent from the request or present with any other value than `text/html`, `text/*` or `*/*`

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure the property `autodetect-bearer-only` is set to `true` in the file *keycloak-oidc.json*. +
This property allows Bonita OIDC filter to detect if the request is a REST API call or a navigation call based on the headers of the request. In order for the Bonita REST API request to be authorized with the Bearer token, one of the following assertion must be true: +
- `X-Requested-With` header is present in the request with the value `XMLHttpRequest` +
- `Accept` header is either absent from the request or present with any other value than `text/html`, `text/*` or `*/*`
```

When Bonita web application is configured for authentication with OpenID Connect, Bonita REST API is secured through OIDC too and it is possible to call it with just an OAuth Access token. This means "statelessness" as there is no need for a session between the client and Bonita REST API.

[WARNING]
====

Make sure the property `autodetect-bearer-only` is set to `true` in the file *keycloak-oidc.json*. +

> This property allows Bonita OIDC filter to detect if the request is a REST API call or a navigation call based on the headers of the request. In order for the Bonita REST API request to be authorized with the Bearer token, one of the following assertion must be true: +

Author: ```suggestion
This property allows Bonita OIDC filter to detect if the request is a REST API call or a navigation call based on the headers of the request. In order for the Bonita REST API request to be authorized with the Bearer authorization header, one of the following assertions must be true: +
```
